README.md, before:

My config files for Vim and Unix shell.
=======================================

This is a collection of my configuration files under a Unix system.

Installation
------------
Coming soon...

###Plugins

You will need to complie YCM.
If you want semantic support for C-family languages run:

    cd ~/.vim/bundle/YouCompleteMe
    ./install.sh --clang-completer

However, *without* semantic support for C-family languages run:

    cd ~/.vim/bundle/YouCompleteMe
    ./install.sh


###Aliases

There are nice aliases for git, ruby, shortcuts, files & directories and some
OS-specific aliases (Linux and OSX).

Credits
-------
Inspiration and code was taken from many sources, including:

* [@joedicastro](https://github.com/joedicastro/dotfiles)
* [@necolas](https://github.com/necolas/dotfiles)
* [@mathiasbynens](https://github.com/mathiasbynens/dotfiles)
* [@sjl](https://bitbucket.org/sjl/dotfiles)

Also, I would like to thank [@Framallo](https://github.com/framallo) for transmit me the passion for Vim :)

TODO
----
* Make .gitconfig more general. Get rid of my harcoded email and name

Commit message:

update install script and readme to accept arguments

README.md, after:

My config files for Vim and Unix shell.
=======================================

This is a collection of my configuration files under a Unix system.

Installation
------------
The installation step requires the XCode Command Line Tools and may overwrite
existing dotfiles in your HOME, .vim and .emacs.d directories.


To install with only the essential brew packages (Latest versions of bash, zsh,
git, coreutils and rsync. Later you can install the full list of packages with
the commands `brewbootstrap` and `npmbootstrap`) simply run:

    $ bash -c "$(curl -fsSL raw.github.com/eduarbo/dotfiles/master/install)"
    --minimal

However, if you have enough time to do a full installation (Install all Homebrew
and Node packages listed below) run the same command without the `--minimal`
parameter:

    $ bash -c "$(curl -fsSL raw.github.com/eduarbo/dotfiles/master/install)"

To install some common OSX Apps (listed below) in this step, just run this
command instead:

    $ bash -c "$(curl -fsSL raw.github.com/eduarbo/dotfiles/master/install)
    --with-apps"

###Vim plugins

You will need to complie YCM.
If you want semantic support for C-family languages run:

    cd ~/.vim/bundle/YouCompleteMe
    ./install.sh --clang-completer

However, *without* semantic support for C-family languages run:

    cd ~/.vim/bundle/YouCompleteMe
    ./install.sh

###Aliases

There are nice aliases for git, ruby, shortcuts, files & directories and some
OS-specific aliases (Linux and OSX).

Credits
-------
Inspiration and some code was taken from many sources, including:

* [@joedicastro](https://github.com/joedicastro/dotfiles)
* [@necolas](https://github.com/necolas/dotfiles)
* [@mathiasbynens](https://github.com/mathiasbynens/dotfiles)
* [@sjl](https://bitbucket.org/sjl/dotfiles)

TODO
----
* Make .gitconfig more general. Get rid of my harcoded email and name, maybe?
* Make the installation script compatible with Linux
